OSDOCS-12321# GCP Filestore WIF support (#87736)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-gcp-file-install.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="persistent-storage-csi-olm-operator-install_{context}"]
= Installing the {gcp-short} Filestore CSI Driver Operator

> The Google Compute Platform ({gcp-short}) Filestore Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator is not installed in {product-title} by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {gcp-first} Filestore Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator is not installed in {product-title} by default.
```

Use the following procedure to install the {gcp-short} Filestore CSI Driver Operator in your cluster.

.Prerequisites
* Access to the {product-title} web console.

> * If using {gcp-wid-short}, certain {gcp-wid-short} parameters. See the preceding Section _Preparing to install the {gcp-short} Filestore CSI Driver Operator with Workload Identity_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If using {gcp-wid-short}, certain {gcp-wid-short} parameters are needed. See the preceding Section _Preparing to install the {gcp-short} Filestore CSI Driver Operator with Workload Identity_.
```

Reviewer 2: Otherwise - LGTM.

Author: Fixed.
